---
hasPage: false
inFeed: true
inNav: false
starred: false
description: ''
dateModified: '2016-02-28T23:42:11.679Z'
title: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-28T23:42:47.928Z'
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-28-965ac10e-09bf-4ac3-a985-3cb34de7e93e.md
published: true
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
> The Wiccan Rede (or Witches' Rede)
> Bide the Wiccan Laws we must In Perfect Love and Perfect Trust. 
> Live and let live. Fairly take and fairly give. 
> Cast the Circle thrice about to keep the evil spirits out. 
> To bind the spell every time let the spell be spake in rhyme. 
> Soft of eye and light of touch, Speak little, listen much. 
> Deosil go by the waxing moon, chanting out the Witches' Rune. 
> Widdershins go by the waning moon, chanting out the baneful rune. 
> When the Lady's moon is new, kiss the hand to her, times two. 
> When the moon rides at her peak, then your hearts desire seek. 
> Heed the North wind's mighty gale, lock the door and drop the sail. 
> When the wind comes from the South, love will kiss thee on the mouth. 
> When the wind blows from the West, departed souls will have no rest. 
> When the wind blows from the East, expect the new and set the feast. 
> Nine woods in the cauldron go, burn them fast and burn them slow. 
> Elder be the Lady's tree, burn it not or cursed you'll be. 
> When the Wheel begins to turn, let the Beltane fires burn. 
> When the Wheel has turned to Yule, light the log and the Horned One rules. 
> Heed ye flower, Bush and Tree, by the Lady, blessed be. 
> Where the rippling waters go, cast a stone and truth you'll know. 
> When ye have a true need, hearken not to others' greed. 
> With a fool no season spend, lest ye be counted as his friend. 
> Merry meet and merry part, bright the cheeks and warm the heart. 
> Mind the Threefold Law you should, three times bad and three times good. 
> When misfortune is enow, wear the blue star on thy brow. 
> True in love ever be, lest thy lover's false to thee. 
> Eight words the Wiccan Rede fulfill: An ye harm none, do what ye will.